Ridgefield, CT — A Monroe man who Wilton police said fled an accident in New Canaan and drove drunk through three towns with a missing tire was charged with driving under the influence, reckless driving, unsafe tires and the illegal storage of narcotics, according to the Connecticut Post.
Richard Cannone, 42, was stopped by Wilton police officer Mark Canepari who observed the suspect’s vehicle traveling south on Danbury Road with its front left rim scraping the road at about 2:30 a.m., the report said.

New Canaan police tracked his trail from the scene of the accident through South Salem and Ridgefield then into Wilton, according to the report.

Ridgefield, CT — A Ridgefield man was arrested on June 21, 2016 after Newtown police observed him speeding on Mt. Pleasant Road in Newtown, according to a report.

Police said that Dylan Rene Declercq, 27, of Ridgefield, was passing in a no passing zone while speeding and when they pulled him over it was found that his license was cancelled. Police said they also found narcotics and a controlled substance in the vehicle.

Declercq was arrested and released on $500 bond. He is due in court on July 7, 2016.

Court records show that Declercq was arrested in 2013 for a similar offense and last May was arrested for following too closely.

Bethel, CT — Bethel police said they received a 911 call of a man driving erratically on Tuesday afternoon around 5 p.m.

Witnesses told police they saw a man driving a red Nissan pickup truck while shouting incoherently while hanging out the window, slamming on his brakes and driving dangerously, police said in a news release. Police responded and attempted to stop the vehicle, according to a report, and the man engaged officers in a low speed pursuit through downtown Bethel before pulling into Overlook Park on Nashville Road.

Police said they stopped the man at the park and he tried to run on foot before officers apprehended him, police said. Police identified the driver as Paul Denis, 23, of Ridgefield. Due to his erratic behavior, police called an ambulance and he was sent to Danbury Hospital where he was treated and released, police said.

Denis was later processed and released to his mother on $10,000 bond. He was arrested for DWI, engaging in pursuit, reckless driving, evading responsibility, failure to obey a stop sign, operating under suspension, interfering with an officer and possession of less than a half ounce of marijuana.

Ridgefield, CT — America awoke to heartbreak once again on Friday as they watched tragic shootings unfold.

Five officers in Dallas were shot and killed while at a protest rally against the killing of two black men by police earlier this week. At least four snipers opened fired on police and three suspects are in custody. A gunman barricaded himself for hours in a parking garage and was killed after police used explosives to dislodge him.

The Bethel Police Department said, "Our thoughts and prayers are with our family in Dallas and those across the country that serve and protect our communities."

The Brookfield Police Department said, "Our thoughts go out to the citizens and police of Dallas, Texas. As the details of the tragedy continue to come out, we the Brookfield Police Department, are reminded how lucky we are to share mutual caring, respect, and cooperation with our residents. A special thank you goes out to those who dropped off cookies and pastries and brought water to us while we were directing traffic today."

Danbury Mayor Mark Boughton said, "The attack last night on the Dallas Police Officers who were preserving the right to peaceable protest was cowardly, sick and disgusting. Murder is never the answer.Today I stand with Danbury PD and Dallas Police. Thank an officer today."

Danbury Police Lt. Christian Carroccio released the following statement: "The Danbury Police Department is saddened by the senseless murdering of our fellow officers in Dallas. As a department, as a family and more importantly as a community we must stand together. We will keep the Dallas Police Department and their community in our prayers."

The Easton, CT Volunteer Fire Department said, "The Easton Volunteer Fire Company mourns the loss of life from tragic violence in Dallas. Our thoughts and prayers go out to the Dallas Police Department along with the victims and their families."

The Monroe Police Department said, "The Monroe Police Department would like to extend our gratitude for the outpouring of support we've received in light of yesterdays attack in Dallas, Texas. These little guys (pictured) dropped off a gift this afternoon to go along with all the support we received throughout the morning. Nationally, it's been tough for law enforcement as of late and we are comforted to know we have the support of the Monroe community. Thanks again."

New Milford Mayor David Gronbach said, "There are important discussions happening about the interactions between minorities and the police. We don’t shy away from them. We engage in the difficult self-assessment to determine if we are living up to the ideals embodied by the American flags waving on our Green. I believe that in New Milford, we are. I am grateful for the professionalism of our New Milford Police Department. From the detectives, to the patrol, to the support staff, I know that our Department is committed to serving the public and all of its citizens, regardless of race or economic standing. We can stand with our Police Department and still have these difficult conversations. By doing so, we ensure the safety of all our citizens and confirm our assessments are not tainted by what we are unwilling to confront."

Newtown officials have not yet released a statement. The Newtown Action Alliance posted the following statement: “There are no words to adequately define the sadness we feel today. Our hearts are broken for the families of Alton Sterling and Philando Castile, gun violence victims who were shot and killed by police officers this week. Our hearts break again today for the 11 officers who were shot during the Black Lives Matter protest in Dallas last night. While we wait for the investigations to be completed, we cannot ignore that fact that African Americans are disproportionately impacted by gun violence and the use of deadly force by law enforcement. We also cannot ignore the fact that law enforcement officers are in harms way in an armed society where weapons of war are easily accessible. We condemn the use of guns to resolve the issues facing our nation. There is a common denominator in all shootings. The proliferation of armed civilians in our communities contributes to the escalation of all forms of gun violence. An armed society is not a polite society, particularly in a nation that continues to struggle with institutional, structural and subconscious racism. We support a solution that will provide justice to these victims and we implore all Americans to join us in our fight to demand action from our elected leaders. Congress has a fiduciary duty to protect all Americans from all forms of gun violence. Rather than merely holding moments of silences on the Congressional floor after these shootings, Congress must act to end discrimination, ensure guns do not get in the hands of dangerous people and ban weapons of war with ammunition that can pierce law enforcement body armors."

The Redding Police Department said, "Our thoughts and prayers are with our brothers and sisters in Texas."

The Ridgefield Police Department said, "Our thoughts and prayers are with the Dallas Police Department, the Dallas Area Rapid Transit Police and their family and friends."

Nina Daniel, the First Selectman of Weston said, "Lives can be lost, peace can be lost in a second. And freedom once lost cannot be regained. Differences of opinion are honored in this country, and peaceful demonstrations are welcome. But the loss of respect for authority is a slippery slope towards violence and anarchy. In addition, the news of what happened last night in Dallas eerily recalls the Kennedy assassination which took place in Dealey Plaza, now known as Thanksgiving Square. That era in American history was tumultuous and violent. Also, last night's nightmare in Dallas represents the greatest loss of life of first responders since 9/11. As Weston’s First Selectman, I have called us together for this prayer meeting and moment of silence to honor the fallen Dallas policemen but also to ask you all to pray for our country."

Wilton's Police Department posted the following message: "Our thoughts and prayers go out to our brothers and sisters of the Dallas Police Department."

Brookfield, CT — After 8 years of working side-by-side with Officer Sgt. Jeffrey Osuch, the Brookfield Police Department announced Monday that their beloved K9 officer Bruno has passed away.

Ridgefield, CT — Motorists will want to avoid Route 7 as a bad accident is in the process of being cleared.

Route 7 is closed between Florida Hill and New Road and Cain's Hill Road traffic is backed up until the elementary school.

A vehicle looks to have crashed at the pole at the end of Cain's Hill Road and fire crews were directing traffic at the 4-way intersection early Thursday evening.

